# ZeParser parser test case

- Added: 2019-06-17 (mass migration from old system)
- Modified: -
- Path: zeparser3/tests/testcases/parser/const_statement/in_global_lex_rebind_a_var_declared_in_for-header_in_sibling_statement.md

> :: const statement
>
> ::> in global, lex rebind a var declared in for-header in sibling statement
>
> IterationStatement: for(LexicalDeclarationExpression;Expression)Statement
>
> > It is a Syntax Error if any element of the BoundNames of LexicalDeclaration also occurs in the
>
> VarDeclaredNames of Statement.
>
> Note that the for-var ends up in global, and so is the const. So the statement is global and the lexical names
>
> contains an element that also appears in its variable list. So it fails.

## Input

`````js
for (var x;;); const x = 1
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in four parsing modes: sloppy mode, strict mode script goal, module goal, web compat mode (always sloppy).

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Cannot create lexical binding when the name was already `var` bound

for (var x;;); const x = 1
                         ^------- error
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Web compat mode

Parsed in sloppy script mode but with the web compat flag enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
