# ZeParser parser test case

- Added: 2019-06-17 (mass migration from old system)
- Modified: -
- Path: zeparser3/tests/testcases/parser/const_statement/lexically_rebind_a_var_that_was_bound_inside_for-header_in_a_function_body.md

> :: const statement
>
> ::> lexically rebind a var that was bound inside for-header in a function body
>
> it is definitely an error in a function body
>
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-block-static-semantics-early-errors
>
> > It is a Syntax Error if any element of the LexicallyDeclaredNames of StatementList also occurs in the VarDeclaredNames of StatementList.
>
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-try-statement-static-semantics-early-errors
>
> > It is a Syntax Error if any element of the BoundNames of CatchParameter also occurs in the VarDeclaredNames of Block.
>
> But I don't see this rule for the toplevel...
>
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-for-statement-static-semantics-vardeclarednames
>
> propagates the list of var decl
>
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-block-static-semantics-toplevelvardeclarednames
>
> collects it on the toplevel
>
> So the toplevel VarDeclaredNames contains "x" now
>
> The "const x" definitely adds "x" to the LexicallyDeclaredNames
>
> So this is an error

## Input

`````js
function f(){  for (var x;;); const x = 1  }
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in four parsing modes: sloppy mode, strict mode script goal, module goal, web compat mode (always sloppy).

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Cannot create lexical binding when the name was already `var` bound

function f(){  for (var x;;); const x = 1  }
                                           ^------- error
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Web compat mode

Parsed in sloppy script mode but with the web compat flag enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
