# ZeParser parser test case

- Added: 2019-06-17 (mass migration from old system)
- Modified: -
- Path: zeparser3/tests/testcases/parser/whitespace/html_comments/html_close_comment_can_have_multiline_comment_on_a_single_line_before_it_without_needing_a_newline.md

> :: whitespace : html comments
>
> ::> html close comment can have multiline comment on a single line before it without needing a newline
>
> https://tc39.github.io/ecma262/#sec-html-like-comments
>
> Similar to a MultiLineComment that contains a line terminator code point, a SingleLineHTMLCloseComment is considered to be a LineTerminator for purposes of parsing by the syntactic grammar.
>
> note: the SingleLineHTMLCloseComment is not "just" `-->` and so arbitrary occurrences of that token do not yield a pseudo-newline (in particular, I don't think it closes an html open...)

## Input

`````js
/* a b c */ --> foo bar baz
`````

## Output

_Note: the whole output block is auto-generated. Manual changes will be overwritten!_

Below follow outputs in four parsing modes: sloppy mode, strict mode script goal, module goal, web compat mode (always sloppy).

Note that the output parts are auto-generated by the test runner to reflect actual result.

### Sloppy mode

Parsed with script goal and as if the code did not start with strict mode header.

`````
ast: { type: 'Program', body: [] }

tokens (1x):
      
`````

### Strict mode

Parsed with script goal but as if it was starting with `"use strict"` at the top.

_Output same as sloppy mode._

### Module goal

Parsed with the module goal.

`````
throws: Parser error!
  Expected to parse a value

/* a b c */ --> foo bar baz
              ^------- error
`````


### Web compat mode

Parsed in sloppy script mode but with the web compat flag enabled.

_Output same as sloppy mode._
